---
layout: post
title: "About Natalie"
categories: misc
---

  I am a student studying sociology, data science, education, and information science. My research interests are: human-centered data science accessible technology, and data generation and visualization. Read more about my experience and my undergraduate research work in my [resume/CV](https://github.com/NatalieRMCastro/website/blob/cfe2d2667c31e982abebcdf601bc3e4e5862688e/assets/images/Natalie%20Castro%20GA%20Internship%20Resume.pdf) or find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natalie-rm-castro?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=ios_app).


  While attending the University of Colorado at Boulder, I found a love for information science! I felt that it combined sociology and data while still maintaining the human aspects the number represents. My Master's thesis is focusing on school districts in Colorado. I plan on generating a public facing data set of all school board meetings, their agendas, and transcripts in an accessible format. This will also generate a corpus of data for reserachers interested in school districts. To check out my progress, visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/CouncilDataProject/colorado-school-boards), and the website (coming soon!).  While I'm not studying, I love hiking and spending time outside! 

<div>
  <canvas id="pdf-render"></canvas>
</div>

<script src="assets/js/pdf.js"></script>
<script src="assets/js/pdf.worker.js"></script>

<script>
  const pdfPath = 'https://github.com/NatalieRMCastro/website/blob/cfe2d2667c31e982abebcdf601bc3e4e5862688e/assets/images/Natalie%20Castro%20GA%20Internship%20Resume.pdf';

  pdfjsLib.getDocument(pdfPath).then(pdf => {
    return pdf.getPage(1);
  }).then(page => {
    const canvas = document.getElementById('pdf-render');
    const context = canvas.getContext('2d');

    const viewport = page.getViewport({ scale: 1.5 });
    canvas.height = viewport.height;
    canvas.width = viewport.width;

    page.render({ canvasContext: context, viewport: viewport });
  });
</script>
