---
layout: post
title: "Lost Hope? Decreased Use of Free Information While Global Talks of Peace Shrink"
categories: projects
published: true
in_feed: true
---

  Wikipedia was first introduced in 2001. A free online encyclopedia where anyone can use and edit in over three hundred languages. The community spurred from Wikipedia edits has generated chat pages, forums, and a variety of projects such as Simple English, Media Wiki, and Wikinews. On the Welcome page to Wikipedia, they feature an article, provide users with a fun fact, and have an In the News section.

[IMAGE PLACEHOLDER](#)

  [In the News]("https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page") informs users about current events such as the arraignment of Donald Trump or the French reform strikes. The use of this main page can serve as a brief hub for Wikipedia’s patrons but has rapidly decreased in use since 2016. The oscillation between main page views per day has even flatlined, specifically after the COVID-19 pandemic. A few spikes within the past three years are still prominent but none have neared the [2016 Yerevan Hostage]("https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Yerevan_hostage_crisis") Crisis in late July of that year. Are these events affecting how we consume news media?

  In 2015 Wikipedia Main Page had nearly 600 million views per month, with a brief increase into 2017. Dropping off in early 2020, page views were already decreasing about one million per month. February was an exception with a rare increase in page views, the only one until October, nearing the presidential election. COVID-19 and its mismanagement by the United States government introduced a new fear into Americans: lost hope. More American’s are ‘doom scrolling’ and seeking reprieve online during the lockdown yet Wikipedia Main Page usage is decreasing. Referred to by Ed Yong as the ‘[Pandemic Death Spiral]("https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2020/09/pandemic-intuition-nightmare-spiral-winter/616204/")' perpetuation of horror, magical solutions, and personal blame alienated Americans. COVID-19 caused everyone to think, when will it end? This may have negatively impacted active news intake.

[COVID-19 MENTIONS OVER TIME GRAPH](#)
